DocuQuery
Introduction

DocuQuery is an intelligent chatbot designed to enhance the learning experience by meticulously
analy2ing the content of uploaded PDF files. It assists users in delving deeply into specific
concepts, providing detailed explanations and insights as requested. This tool streamlines the
acquisition of knowledge by presenting complex information in an accessible and user-centric

Purpose

The current system of physical document navigation poses considerable challenges, particularly
when it comes to the efficient retrieval of information. Traditional methods require manual
scanning of pages, a process that is both time-consuming and cumbersome, especially when
atempting to cross-reference or revisit specific concepts. DocuQuery revolutionizes this
approach by offering an advanced, user-friendly platform that simplifies the search and learning
process. With DocuQuery, users gain the ability to instantly access targeted information within
any provided document, thereby enhancing their educational and informational experience. This
system not only optimizes time management but also promotes an enriched, on-demand learning
environment

Target Audience: This chatbot would appeal to anyone looking for an optimized document
navigation experience that saves time and makes the retrieval of information as convenient as
possible.

Prompt pattern:
1. What is Linear Regression? (if source data mining textbook)
2. How to make a nut raisin eake ? (cook book recipe source)

Basic Foundations for Flowise

What is LLM?

LLMs, or Large Language Models, are advanced artificial intelligence programs designed to
understand, generate, and sometimes translate natural language text. They ate trained on vast
datasets of human language, which allows them to predict and produce text that is coherent and
contextually relevant. LLMs use deep learning techniques, particularly neural networks, to
capture the nuances of language, including grammar, style, and even some elements of common
sense reasoning and knowledge.

These models are used in a variety of applications, such as chatbots translation services, content
creation tools, and more. They are capable of performing tasks like answering questions,
composing essays, summarizing documents, and engaging in conversation, making them
valuable across many domains including customer service, education, and content generation.
